earned in the morning about 7:15 7:20 at
the ladies that I could recall on that
particular day April 11th 2008 I
normally come over from upstairs
straight to my kitchen I try to get
something here for my dogs that I had
two dogs and I like to feed him
something good doggie
come and get it you're a good doggie I
was feeding my dogs right here and all
of a sudden you know turning towards you
know the horizon towards the house and
uh the pine tree I notice something
that's not out of something out of the
ordinary like a speck of something dark
and I focus myself and I said I kind of
uh I looked at it for a while and I just
couldn't believe what I was seeing so
what I did I run inside to my house I
had the camera my video camera sin there
by the TV and I grab that real quick
because I had used it on Easter Sunday
with my family and I let it sit right
there for a while so what I did I
brought the camera and in the dog
Chiwetel here he was here as well as the
other dog and and when I noticed the the
you know the the object I grabbed my
camera immediately and and I started to
videotape from that angle but he was
grounding he would like and I said and I
just petted him but I couldn't talk I
didn't know what to say I would just
speechless like this thing so what came
to my mind
videotape bility keep the camera going
so I'm out here and I'm videotaping and
I'm trying to hold onto the dog and when
I notice the object move either my hand
shaked a little bit and I feel some
sensation something but I was just too
chocked you know I didn't know what was
going on you
look something like round and he had
something at the bottom that kind of
shine but I couldn't tell so I got my
camera and I assumed then that's when I
know this the top part was either going
around it looked like and then at one
time he did this but when he did that my
camera captured it but something
happened you know I couldn't I couldn't
keep going and and then the object what
he did if went up and then he stopped
and then he went like this and then it
went up and came all Donny K Coleman
oppressor mentaiko Nessa Phil Masi aunt
an extraordinary inclusive Ella
circumstances case Adana lest our film
ando ese tipo interfer NC a-- que bueno
rico en muchos elementos de
investigación de analysis I mean this
incident here I don't know what happened
I'm not used to this if people say we
saw the video but what is your voice say
something well be honest I wanted to say
something but I couldn't even the dogs
were not saying therefore they normally
bark like this and if we just like
trying to do bark but they couldn't I
had the same thing I was just telling in
my mind quiet quiet
bad thing like if it was just just
sending a signal to me like don't move
don't say anything just watch and and I
had that little feeling you know now
that's probably me but you know what I
don't see that every day so the only
thing that I didn't get the camera
videotape the sky that morning had a
little bit of fog and a little bit of
mist
they called her do early morning do so I
just got the camera I couldn't focus
that good I couldn't I could only assume
in because of my finger on top you know
but I couldn't you know focus everything
so the way the video turned out was you
know the object and in the sky no clouds
the morning it was just kind of foggy so
it scared me I mean I was
here I was surprised and I said I might
as well just call Jaime because I heard
about Jaime he he always comes out like
this happened here this happened there I
said he finally could have something to
match it up and say I have it okay
that's why I say Jaime come over take
this video with you I'm gonna give him
the cassette tape I mean he could have
it I don't want it because every time I
see it he just it throws me off I mean
III just don't feel the same I mean and
and and I it's a fake I'll just tell
Jaime don't waste your time stay home
I'll send it to you now I want him to
come over here I want him to film
because I believe that Jaime will
provide real evidence whether from me
whether maybe somebody else is gonna
have a better video of the new wave of
Close Encounters where we could
videotape them and and don't be scared
because if you scare like me at first
you said no no I want to do nothing then
leave it alone
no give it to Jaime believe me if I may
know how to deal with it you will deal
with it like me Laconte cimento sad
Colby day original directamente Cielo
presento ah hi May para que el mismo
saya responsable de una investigación a
pro piata y tiene de quoi de para tercer
villainy Oh Jaime mas antes de alguien
teca's a los Estados Unidos rico en
muchos elementos de investigación de
análisis de studio lugar de uno de los
extraordinary Jose vista Vientos de uno
de los mejores a vista me entos de toda
lasagna